okay in this video I'm going to be
showing you how to remove the in-game
music without removing all of the other
sounds to modern warfare 3 you go to
your steam steam
common
call of duty modern warfare
miles folder you're gonna take this okay
you're gonna want to take out the MSS
mp3 ASI you don't want to cut it paste
it to your desktop or other folder
depending on where you want to put it
all right you're gonna shut it down open
modern warfare 3
you
there you go no no irritating music game
please still the same simply no music
now what this does is it allows you to
hear footsteps better hear the direction
of which gunfire is coming
tell the little tink tink tink grenade
all that good stuff
and so you see during the loading screen
no music you can play your own
background music whatever it may be you
know Beethoven Bach Rage Against the
Machine whatever and here you go as you
can tell you can hear the footsteps you
can hear the ting ting ting of grenade
and hear the gunfire
you can hear very well the airplanes and
helicopters and such